Include ROSA customer-initiated incident documentation (#71403)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-policy-incident.adoc

. The incident is documented and a root cause analysis (RCA) is performed within 5 business days of the incident.
. An RCA draft document will be shared with the customer within 7 business days of the incident.

> Red Hat is also available to assist with customer incidents when raised through a support case. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Red Hat also assists with customer incidents raised through support cases. 
```

> Red Hat is able to assist with activities including but not limited to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Red Hat assists with activities including but not limited to:
```

Author: What about 

```suggestion
Red Hat can assist with activities including but not limited to:
```

I'm just trying to make it more obvious that we're not providing this assistance automatically or proactively, but that we _can_ provide this assistance when requested

Reviewer: I think the "can" works nicely.

> - Forensic gathering, including isolating virtual compute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Forensic gathering, including isolating virtual compute
```

> - Guiding compute image collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Guiding compute image collection
```

> - Providing collected audit logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Providing collected audit logs
```
